1. To indicate that something is clickable, there should be some change to the cursor or the button
when someone hovers over it. One common action is setting the cursor to `pointer`. Another approach,
often used simultaneously, is to increase the brightness of the button by first selecting the 
button and then setting the `filter` property to `brightness(150%)`.
2. You can set variables for colors and many other things using `:root` and naming variables using the syntax `--varName`. You can reference these variables using the CSS function `var()`.
3. If you want several things stacked, you can create different containers for them and format them as you desire, or you can add them to the same container but have them be block elements. Ultimately, it seems like you should create a container for something if you want it to be manipulatable. 
4. The `align-items` property of flex-box aligns the items inside a flex container along the cross axis just like `justify-content` does along the main axis. (For the default flex-direction: row the cross axis corresponds to vertical and the main axis corresponds to horizontal. But `align-content` is for multi-line flexible boxes. It has no effect when items are in a single line. For example, [this page](https://codepen.io/asim-coder/pen/WrMNWR) has multiple lines because of the size of the screen / how many elements there are in the block. `align-content` tells the browser to apply space evenly between the lines in the cross axis and the edges of the window.